Net: Add Net Sessions (Code Interpreter) Core Plugin and Demo Project (#6160)
microsoft/semantic-kernel: dotnet/samples/Demos/README.md

| Create Chat GPT Plugin | A simple plugin that uses OpenAI GPT-3 to chat |
| Home Automation | This example demonstrates a few dependency injection patterns that can be used with Semantic Kernel. |
| HuggingFace Image to Text | In this demonstration the application uses Semantic Kernel's HuggingFace ImageToText Service to fetch a descriptive analysis of the clicked image. |
| Telemetry With Application Insights | Demo on how an application can be configured to send Semantic Kernel telemetry to Application Insights. |

> | Code Interpreter Plugin | A plugin that leverages Azure Container Apps service to run python code for AI Agents. |

Reviewer: nit: Agents may be confusing since we have an agents package now.
```suggestion
| Code Interpreter Plugin | A plugin that leverages Azure Container Apps service to execute python code. |
```
